this is footage Israel is Keen to share
an air strike in Gaza being aborted
because children are spotted but the UN
says most of those killed by Israel are
innocent civilians from the outside it
just looks like a regular transport
today we met one of the Air Force pilots
who flies over Gaza every day
identifying targets we cannot show his
face the aircraft used for these
missions have cameras mounted underneath
and at up to 35,000
ft Gaza is a very densely populated area
Captain omry shows us in a simulator his
bird's eye view of the terrain this is a
crowded area people have nowhere to go
in many cases they have no transport
they have no means of escape and you're
attacking hospitals where the wounded
are being
treated well at the moment we're doing
everything possible um to ensure the
security and safety of both our
civilians and as much as possible uh the
Palestinian civilians we have offered
Medical Aid and we have offered a a
field hospital but wouldn't it be better
if you stopped bombing the civilians
rather than offering them Medical Aid
later well Israel has always opted for a
diplomatic solution I mean some people
might say you know how do you sleep at
night well I sleep very well at night
because I know that what we're doing is
Saving Lives the way I see it because
whenever isra lives no no no I know how
many attacks I have already called off
and I'm talking about numerous attacks
so I know as a fact that I have saved
dozens of
lives near the Gaza Border close to the
front line soldiers rest and regroup an
extra 16,000 reservists have been called
up this teacher has two sons fighting in
Gaza and is going to join them this is
our life and uh nobody choose it
we have to do it because this is the
situation and we hope that it's a will
be the end of the story very soon well
the Army says it will finish destroying
the attack tunnels within days but a
senior isra official has told the BBC
there's no stopwatch for this operation
while the International Community is
pleading for a ceas fire Israel isn't
ruling out a much broader offensive if
Hamas attacks don't
stop the choice ahead now for Israel is
withdraw or hit much harder orar and BBC
news on the Israel Gaza border